--- PAGE 1 ---
 
 
1 
 
 
 
 RESEARCH PROPOSAL TEMPLATE  
 
Research title 
 (English) 
 
Sub-committee 
 
Group name 
 
Authors 
List the team members 
Mentor 
 
 
Abstract 
Research objectives, research questions, research problems, research methodology (maximum 250 
words). 
Key words:  
1. Introduction 
1.1. Literature review  
Review and discuss the related research work(s) done by Vietnamese and foreign scientists.  
Evaluate the quality and relevance of the sources and identify any gaps or inconsistencies in the 
literature.  
Review the applications of related works. 
Summarize the key findings of the literature review and identify the implications for future research 
or practice.  
1.2. The necessity of the research 
Clearly define the problem or hypothesis to be addressed.  
Originality, relevance, and scientific significance of the question under investigation.  
1.3. Feasibility of research  
Analyze the feasibility of research.  
+ Research question: A clear statement of the research question and objectives that the study aims 
to address.  
+ Research design: An outline of the proposed research design, including the methodology, data 
collection methods, and data analysis techniques.  
+ Sample size and population: A description of the intended study population and sample size, 
including the sampling method and the criteria for inclusion and exclusion. 
+ Data sources: A description of the data sources to be used in the study, including any existing 
datasets, surveys, or interviews.  
+ Budget and funding (in any): A detailed breakdown of the estimated costs of conducting the study 
and the sources of funding available.  

--- PAGE 2 ---
 
 
2 
 
+ Timeframe: An estimated timeline for completing the study, including key milestones and 
deadlines.  
+ Potential challenges and risks: An assessment of potential challenges and risks that may arise 
during the research process and how they will be addressed.  
2. Research objectives  
Clearly outline the research objectives as a basis for determining research content and 
implementation plan.  
3. Research scope  
Clearly define the key study topics and the research scope.  
4. Approach and Method 
Describe research methodology and techniques appropriate for each issue of the research. 
5. Research plan  
Describe the research plan (Give a concise description of each task, and their expected results, 
schedule, and person in charge as in the following table).  
No. 
Date 
Task 
Output 
Person in charge 
1 
dd/mm/yyyy – 
dd/mm/yyyy 
 
 
 
2 
 
 
 
 
... 
 
 
 
 
6. Expected results  
For example: theoretical, methodological, and practical implications; and plans to apply this research 
in practical. 
References  
Appendices (if any) 
 
 

--- PAGE 3 ---
 
 
3 
 
COMMITMENT  
ON RESPONSIBLE ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE USAGE IN RESEARCH 
 
We are authors of the research paper titled “...”, would like to ensure that all members comply 
with the rules relevant to Artificial Intelligence (AI) regulations and ethical guidelines in 
research practices, which are described in details as follows: 
1. AI is only used as assistant in correcting grammar, structure and phrasing in academic 
writing; 
2. AI usage should NOT be engaged with the creation of content or drafting the research 
paper, production of fake data or literature synthesis; 
3. AI usage should be checked and confirmed by all authors. Each author shall bear full 
responsibility in the accuracy, transparency and originality of their sections, including 
citations and reference; 
4. All authors should disclose the use of generative AI and AI-assisted technologies to 
other co-authors, helping them understand where and how AI was applied in research 
preparation.  
Hereby, we would like to confirm and take full responsibility for the accuracy and transparency 
of the provided details.  
Author 1 
Author 2 
Author 3 
(Signature & Full name) 
(Signature & Full name) 
(Signature & Full name) 
 
 
 
 
Note:  
- 
Research proposal must be presented in English, A4 paper, single column, Times New Roman 
11, and a maximum length of 10 pages (excluding references and appendices)  
- 
For citations and references, please refer to: 
o IEEE style should be applied for Information Technology. For more details, please 
visit: https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/research_and_citation/ieee_style/index.html   
o APA style should be applied for Business Administration, Linguistics, Communication 
Technology, and Digital Art & Design. For more details, please visit: 
https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/research_and_citation/apa_style/index.html 

